Spelling (#557)
LukeSmithxyz/based.cooking: src/spaghetti-and-meatballs.md

5. Add the tomato paste, stir to blend, and cook for a minute longer.
6. Add the canned tomatoes, basil, and parsley.
7. Mash and stir the tomatoes with a potato masher until the sauce starts to thicken, about 5 minutes over medium-high heat.

> 8. Reduce heat to low and simmer gently while pre-patting meatballs, stirring occasionally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Reduce heat to low and simmer gently while preparing meatballs, stirring occasionally.
```

Could this actually be `preparing` instead? Looks like this step is before the meatball steps
